Update create-jira-issues-in-cd-stages.md (#7018)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/ticketing-systems/create-jira-issues-in-cd-stages.md

## Limitations

> * Harness supports only Jira fields of type `Option`, `Array`, `Any`, `Number`, `Date`, and `String`. 

Reviewer: `User` needs to be added

> * Harness supports only Jira fields of type `Option`, `Array`, `Any`, `Number`, `Date`, and `String`. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Harness supports only Jira fields of type `User`, `Option`, `Array`, `Any`, `Number`, `Date`, and `String`. For example, [multi value](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.
```

## Add Issue fields

> In Jira fields, you can select specific fields within a Jira issue. For example, [multi value](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.

Reviewer: `For example, [multi value](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.` can be added in limitation section: to have all field related points at a single place.

> In Jira fields, you can select specific fields within a Jira issue. For example, [multi value](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.

Author: ```suggestion
In Jira fields, you can select specific fields within a Jira issue. 
```

> In Jira fields, you can select specific fields within a Jira issue. For example, [multi value](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.

Author: ```suggestion
In Jira fields, you can select specific fields within a Jira issue. For more information on custom fields, go to [Jira custom fields](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/).
```

> For more information on custom fileds, go to [Jira custom fields](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/).

Author: ```suggestion
```
